Have you ever considered helping out in the foreign language field?
Perhaps there is a need in your local circuit.
All over the earth, the organization provides language courses
with a goal of reaching every nation, tribe, tongue, and people
with a good news of God's Word.
Brother Juan Carlos Jacón serves as a special pioneer
in the rapidly growing Shwar language field in Ecuador.
He was recently asked to attend a course at the local branch
to become a language teacher so that he could help
willing publishers learn the language.
No, it has been said before, this is a language of the devil
that it should be forgotten.
It serves no purpose.
But to Jehovah, no nation is insignificant.
I grew up in an area of the Ecuadorian jungle where there is a large community of Shwar people.
Like many native languages, Shwar is very complex.
We need many, many workers in the field, but if we don't give them a foundation,
if we don't help them or give them a little push, it's difficult for them to enter this field.
I received an invitation to attend a seminar for language instructors.
There were 58 students in the class representing 16 different languages or language groups.
You are in the cutting edge of language instruction.
We are learning fantastic teaching techniques, real techniques that work.
The instructor told us how humor helps our minds to create a world of connections
which stimulates our brain.
I never learned to draw well.
We draw a scene and starting with our native language, along with large gestures.
We act out a dialogue, little by little, we convert the scene into the new language.
What scares me that I've never done this before?
This will be my first time.
I don't have any experience teaching languages.
Although I felt intimidated by this, I knew that with Jehovah, all things are possible.
Welcome to the first day of the Shwar Language Course.
The techniques they offered us in the course were like a box of tools that we need to study more carefully
and see how to apply them in each circumstance.
When we are in the territory, we see how people's eyes light up when they learn the name of God.
Alverque, I just see that there is so much need for them to learn the truth.
That has motivated us to come here and continue serving here.
Since God has created us, we know that He will never abandon us.
He thinks about us all the time and He loves us very much.
I didn't know that before.
I feel so happy now because I can really understand the word of God.
Being in an isolated group far from other congregations, my wife and I have felt every day how real Jehovah is.
Jehovah is now looking and giving his attention to these small places no matter how small they are.
If people have a good heart and want to serve Jehovah, He will send workers to give the help that is needed.
And in reality, this moves us to say to Him with all of our heart.
Thank you, Jehovah.